1 You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. -Margaret Thatcher
2 I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. -Maya Angelou
3 Much of the stress that people feel doesn't come from having too much to do. It comes from not finishing what they've started. -David Allen
4 Focus on the journey, not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it. -Greg Anderson
5 Success at the highest level comes down to one question: Can you decide that your happiness can come from someone else’s success? -Bill Walton
6 Do what you have always done and you’ll get what you have always got. -Sue Knight
7 Think of what you have rather than of what you lack. Of the things you have, select the best and then reflect how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them. -Marcus Aurelius
8 Happiness is where we find it, but very rarely where we seek it. -J. Petit Senn
9 You never regret being kind. -Nicole Shepherd
10 To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek. -Alan Cohen
11 Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian. -Shari R. Barr
12 Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time… serenity, that nothing is. -Thomas Szasz
13 To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. -Eleanor Roosevelt
14 The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. -William Arthur Ward
15 It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. -Charles Darwin
16 A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. - Unknown
17 A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
18 What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. - Bob Dylan
19 I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. - Leonardo da Vinci
20 If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. - Booker T. Washington
21 When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. - Erma Bombeck
22 The quickest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it back in your pocket. - Will Rogers
23 Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. - Ancient Indian Proverb
24 When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?' - Sydney Harris
25 Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. - Confucius
26 Nurture your mind with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. - Benjamin Disraeli
27 The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
28 We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. - Ronald Reagan
29 If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
30 You are not in the universe, you are the universe, an intrinsic part of it. Ultimately you are not a person, but a focal point where the universe is becoming conscious of itself. What an amazing miracle. - Eckhart Tolle
31 We do not see things as they are, we see things as we are.” - Anais Nin
32 You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. - Max Ehrmann
33 Fairytales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten. - Neil Gaiman
34 There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men, true nobility is being superior to your former self. - Ernest Hemingway
35 The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies was made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of star-stuff. - Carl Sagan
36 We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. - Kurt Vonnegut
37 When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too. - Paulo Coelho
38 If you're reading this… Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is. - Chad Sugg
39 I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. - Og Mandino
40 Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair
41 We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. -Plato
42 Nothing will work unless you do. -Maya Angelou
43 I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. -Mother Teresa
44 What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. -Plutarch
45 The secret of joy in work is contained in one word - excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it. -Pearl Buck
46 Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. –Dale Carnegie
47 Action is the foundational key to all success. -Pablo Picasso
48 The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. -Ayn RandMotivational quote by Ayn Rand
49 Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil. - J. Paul Getty
50 The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. -Vince Lombardi
51 Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. -Henry Ford
52 It is your determination and persistence that will make you a successful person. -Kenneth J Hutchins
53 You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them. -Shonda RhimesMotivational quote by Shonda Rhimes
54 Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way. -Abraham Lincoln
55 Done is better than perfect. -Sheryl Sandberg
56 Don't ask if your dream is crazy, ask if it’s crazy enough. -Lena Waithe
57 The act of doing something un-does the fear. -Shonda Rhimes
58 Be poor, humble and driven. Don't be afraid to shift or pivot. –Alex Rodriguez
59 Someday is not a day of the week. -Denise Brennan-Nelson
60 Hire character. Train skill. -Peter Schutz
61 Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. -Steve Jobs
62 If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. -Napoleon Hill
63 Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it's holy ground. There's no greater investment. -Stephen Covey
64 Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far. -Gary Vaynerchuk
65 Love For All, Hatred For None. - Khalifatul Masih III
66 Change the world by being yourself. - Amy Poehler
67 Every moment is a fresh beginning. - T.S Eliot
68 Never regret anything that made you smile. - Mark Twain
69 Die with memories, not dreams. - Unknown
70 Everything you can imagine is real. - Pablo Picasso
71 Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. - Leonardo da Vinci
72 Whatever you do, do it well. - Walt Disney
73 What we think, we become. - Buddha
74 All limitations are self-imposed. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
75 Tough times never last but tough people do. - Robert H. Schiuller
76 Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. - Robert H. Schiuller
77 One day the people that don't even believe in you will tell everyone how they met you. - Johnny Depp
78 There is no substitute for hard work. - Thomas Edison
79 What consumes your mind controls your life - Unknown
80 Strive for greatness. - Lebron James
81 Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are. - Kurt Cobain
82 And still, I rise. - Maya Angelou
83 The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.
84 Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. - Rumi
85 May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears. - Nelson Mandela
86 A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world. - Atticus
87 I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
88 If you believe it will work, you'll see opportunities. If you believe it won't, you will see obstacles.
89 Believe you can and you're halfway there.
90 It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest. - Walter Anderson
91 Do one thing every day that scares you.
92 I didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.
93 If you can dream it, you can do it.
94 Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
95 Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
96 Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
97 Earn your leadership every day.
98 I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
99 If you believe it will work, you'll see opportunities. If you believe it won’t, you will see obstacles.
100 Believe you can and you're halfway there.
101 Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.
102 Do one thing every day that scares you.
103 I didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.
104 If you can dream it, you can do it.
105 Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
106 Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
107 Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
108 Earn your leadership every day.